[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna cheat our way to alpha
status with the 1996 werewolf film bad
moon let's get to it
we opened on a tropical landscape as we
plunge below the canopy we find an
encampment of photographers and
documentarians plotting their course
toward a nearby airstrip to deliver
their most recent cache of film under
the light of the Moon the horses get
spooked by an unseen presence and the
trail guides disperse Ted and Marjorie
Randy as hell from an evening of
orienteering are too busy to notice this
results in them being out be stood when
Marge is shaken around like a rag doll
before Ted manages to level off the
creatures shoulders with a shotgun
driving home the analogy that sex is
pain we transitioned to a small mountain
town will remain Thor taking his owner
Brett for a run they're approached by a
traveling conman referred to as a Flopsy
and offered the privilege of buying some
books while doing so he antagonizes Thor
eliciting an attack so he could try to
squeeze them for money this is when Gina
demonstrates her take no guff demeanor
explaining she's a smart and sassy
attorney and flexes on this fool with
her connections and influence we ain't
heard the last of this you're a lady out
in the misty woods that night we find a
logger doing his nightly work measuring
girth he startled by a nearby roar and
takes off like a jackrabbit he stops to
rest after redlining for about 20
seconds and finds it wasn't enough the
next morning Gina gets a call from her
brother Ted back in town and ready to
receive them in his lake house or
trailer his Lake trailer they do some
catching up and he confides that things
have been rough for him since returning
from the jungle and losing Margery
inside ted secures his cool uncle status
when brett finds he's in the chemistry
and werewolf folklore meanwhile in the
woods thor finds the remnants of the
logger who died as he lived in a tree
janet has to force a commitment on its
head to call that weak but he does so
earlier than expected due to unforeseen
circumstances he parks his Airstream in
her yard and Thora quickly roots through
his things searching for contraband and
uncovering evidence of Ted's
inclinations that night Thor goes crazy
at the back door so Janet lets him out
he tracks through the woods eventually
bearing witness to a strange sight a
beast cuffed to a tree he takes a moment
to clothe that he's not tied up before
being called back the next morning brett
has trouble getting Thor to play he's
more interested in asserting his
dominance than playing kid games ted
comes out and engages in an animal
six teardown but if he's not whipping it
out Thor is not impressed inside over
breakfast and news of a handful of
eviscerated hikers Ted talks to Janet
about the dangers of large woodland
predators he recommends she keep Brett
and Thor away from the woods especially
his nightly running paths that night
Thor blocks Ted from his run risking his
heart health in creating a very dire
situation so Ted limited on time
eventually emerges and asks for an
assist from Janet very shortly after
this brett shows up unless thor back out
he quickly locates uncle Ted's fresh
starter gear and we learned Thor delayed
him too long as the restraints are
unencumbered by werewolf arms as a good
boy he knows what this means and circles
back to the house where he fends Ted off
after a brief scuffle Jenna finds Thor
with minor injuries and goes to check on
Ted but his trailer is empty she happens
upon some of his personal items finding
some disturbing materials along with
diary entries detailing his affliction
and top-three crushes of all time as she
returns to the house we see all Flopsy
lurking in the shadows getting ready to
teach someone a lesson and is promptly
mauled in the side yard the next morning
the sheriff shows up to notify Gina to
the salesman's remains found down the
road knowing they had a prior
altercation he seems to suspect Thor but
also suggests it likely the work of a
much larger predator so as a courtesy he
lets her off with a warning
Janet goes to confront Ted about his
evening activities but the territorial
disrespect is too great and Thor ends up
chewing on his forearm a bit and Ted
kind of likes that Thor goes in a
timeout until Animal Control arrives to
take him away now Ted gets to gloat and
express his dominance as he takes that
tinkle on Thor's front porch that
evening they have an uncomfortable
family dinner during which Ted seems to
be losing hold of his humanity and
stubbornly refuses medical treatment for
his arm janet asks him a parting
question about Marjorie's whereabouts
which she knows to be a lie based on the
contents of his diary that night brett
sneaks out with a plan to rescue thor
but has trouble establishing how locks
work so he says screw it and hops the
fence floodlights be damned
at the same time janet is walking
through the woods looking for Ted she
finds him sweating and acting weird
very similar to that time he left his
door unlocked in high school he gets mad
at her like it's her fault he's a wolf
and then begins to transform missing the
opportunity to restrain himself Thor
manages to escape on his own and leave
spread behind in his cage running off in
pursuit of Ted and Janet who has
thankfully managed to retreat into the
safety of her mostly glass house
Ted somehow
away in and pursues she ended up stairs
but she's able to delay him long enough
for Thor to arrive in a canid fight
ensues in which each of them manage to
both take and inflict some damage when
Ted grabs brat Janet levels her revolver
and unloads eight shots into his center
mass before Thor tackles him out of the
window Thor then pursues Ted tracking
him into the morning hours when Ted
emerges all squishy and pink sands claws
and sharp teeth so Thor reasserts
himself as the apex predator we then see
that everyone survived and Thor gets
petted forever
and that was bad mood an interesting
take on a classic story if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching